[EDU-5514] refactor: review Service Plans docs to align with L-200 (#1339)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/services/integration-services/technical-account-manager.mdx

> They also help with the use, performance, and security of the applications executed and delivered by Azion, minimizing the risks involved during deployment and updates of settings and applications. All this comes with the support of an Azion Specialist for your IT and business teams to improve the development, security, delivery, performance, reliability, observability, and cost optimization of your applications running on Azion and to keep them operationally healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They also help with the use, performance, and security of the applications executed and delivered by Azion, minimizing the risks involved during deployment and updates of settings and applications. All of this comes with the support of an Azion Specialist for your IT and business teams, aimed at improving the development, security, delivery, performance, reliability, observability, and cost optimization of your applications running on Azion, while keeping them operationally healthy.
```
